README.md, before:

## Contributing

Contributions are more than welcome. Feel free to fork the [repo and submit pull
requests][pr].

To add a blog post or edit one of the pages, please check the `content/` folder.
All files are written in [Markdown][md] format.

#### Adding A Blog Post

Create a [Markdown][md] file in the `content/` folder. Any filename is
acceptable, but please use `YYYYMMDD_title.md`.

Within the text file, fill in some basic metadata:

    Title: LAN Party!
    Date: 2013-09-20
    Category: social
    Tags: lan, party
    Slug: fall-lan-party
    Author: Kim Phung Tran
    Summary: Start the new year with a LAN Party!

    Welcome back from your (hopefully) great summer! And ...

Afterwards submit a [pull request][pr] and someone will comment or merge it in
to the website shortly.

#### Adding A Static Page

Do the same thing as a blog post except create the file in `content/pages/`
folder.

At the moment you need to modify `themes/utacm/utacm/templates/base.html` to
manually add the page link to the navigation bar.

## Building Site Locally

Building the site locally is unnecessary unless you are in charge of deploying
the site to production or want to work on the theme. Here are the steps:

1. clone this repo

        git clone https://github.com/UTACM/utacm.org.git
        cd utacm.org

2. install `virtualenvwrapper`

        pip install --user virtualenvwrapper

    Add the requisite hooks to your `.bashrc`.

3. create a virtualenv for this project

        mkvirtualenv utacm
        workon utacm

4. install the required Python modules

        pip install -r requirements.txt

5. start development server

        make devserver

    You can now visit the site at [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000).

6. to stop the development server

        ./develop_server.sh stop

If you have any questions check the [documentation][doc] or open up an issue.

[doc]: http://docs.getpelican.com/en/3.2/index.html
[md]: https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/basics
[pr]: https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests

Commit message:

add instructions to virtualenvwrapper install

README.md, after:

## Contributing

Contributions are more than welcome. Feel free to fork the [repo and submit pull
requests][pr].

To add a blog post or edit one of the pages, please check the `content/` folder.
All files are written in [Markdown][md] format.

#### Adding A Blog Post

Create a [Markdown][md] file in the `content/` folder. Any filename is
acceptable, but please use `YYYYMMDD_title.md`.

Within the text file, fill in some basic metadata:

    Title: LAN Party!
    Date: 2013-09-20
    Category: social
    Tags: lan, party
    Slug: fall-lan-party
    Author: Kim Phung Tran
    Summary: Start the new year with a LAN Party!

    Welcome back from your (hopefully) great summer! And ...

Afterwards submit a [pull request][pr] and someone will comment or merge it in
to the website shortly.

#### Adding A Static Page

Do the same thing as a blog post except create the file in `content/pages/`
folder.

At the moment you need to modify `themes/utacm/utacm/templates/base.html` to
manually add the page link to the navigation bar.

## Building Site Locally

Building the site locally is unnecessary unless you are in charge of deploying
the site to production or want to work on the theme. Here are the steps:

1. clone this repo

        git clone https://github.com/UTACM/utacm.org.git
        cd utacm.org

2. install `virtualenvwrapper`

        pip install --user virtualenvwrapper

    Add the requisite hooks to your `.bashrc` by following these
    [instructions][vw_ins].

3. create a virtualenv for this project

        mkvirtualenv utacm
        workon utacm

4. install the required Python modules

        pip install -r requirements.txt

5. start development server

        make devserver

    You can now visit the site at [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000).

6. to stop the development server

        ./develop_server.sh stop

If you have any questions check the [documentation][doc] or open up an issue.

[doc]: http://docs.getpelican.com/en/3.2/index.html
[md]: https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/basics
[pr]: https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests
[vw_ins]:
http://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.org/en/latest/install.html#shell-startup-file
